No doubt you have heard that the peaceful worship of Jehovah's Witnesses is under attack in Russia.
Just one week ago, on March 15, the Russian Ministry of Justice filed a claim with the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation,
seeking to declare our religious organization as extremist or criminal in nature and ban our activity.
The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the claim on Wednesday, April 5.
Even though their decision is pending, already the Ministry of Justice has issued a suspension notice with the aim of shutting down many of our branch activities.
As you can imagine, a decision by the Supreme Court in favor of this claim will have dire consequences for more than 170,000 of our brothers in Russia.
Of course, there are thousands more who are associated with our organization.
For example, it is quite likely that our branch office near St. Petersburg and Kingdom Halls throughout the country will be seized by the Russian government.
In addition, the possibility exists that our brothers could be criminally prosecuted for meeting together for worship, for sharing their faith with others, or even for reading the Bible together.
Sadly, Russia's federal law on extremist activity is being misapplied to Jehovah's Witnesses.
Around the world, we are politically neutral.
We are known as peace-loving citizens who abhor violence and warfare.
Under no circumstances would we ever resort to any extremist or criminal activity.
Even so, our Lord Jesus Christ warned that true Christians would be hated and would face opposition and outright persecution.
Do you recall what Jesus said at John 15 verses 18 to 20?
If the world hates you, you know that it has hated me before it hated you.
If you were part of the world, the world would be fond of what is its own.
Now, because you are no part of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world for this reason the world hates you.
Keep in mind the word I said to you, a slave is not greater than his master.
If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you.
If they have observed my word, they will also observe yours.
No one wishes to be persecuted, but we are not surprised by what is taking place in Russia.
As you know, Jesus was the object of bitter persecution.
His well-known words recorded at John chapter 16 verse 33 still comfort us.
In the world, you will have tribulation, but take courage I have conquered the world.
The Apostle Paul was no stranger to persecution and the associated suffering.
At 2 Timothy chapter 3 and verse 11, he said,
I endured these persecutions and the Lord rescued me from them all.
If Jesus and Paul conquered despite persecution, we can too.
Jehovah fully supports those being persecuted for righteousness and cares for their daily needs.
What can we personally do to support our brothers and sisters in Russia?
First and foremost, we should pray earnestly in their behalf.
Additionally, all congregations are being invited to share in a letter writing campaign
so that government officials and others of high rank will know how we personally feel about this great injustice.
You will find more information in the newsroom section of JW.org.
Despite the challenges being faced by our brothers in Russia,
we are confident that Jehovah will continue to support them and that they will maintain their integrity.
As expressed by the Apostle Paul at Romans chapter 8 verses 38 and 39,
we are convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers nor height nor depth nor any other creation
will be able to separate us from God's love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Now we would like to direct some comments to our brothers and sisters in Russia, in Russian.
I am a great honor to welcome you from the hands of the Holy Spirit.
We are glad to offer you love and patience.
Our pleasure is that you now belong to Russia.
This is a sign that you will surely remember the part you have been through Jesus.
In the first chapter 3 and 14, the Apostle Peter said,
But even if the Apostle gives you the right to be part of it,
and that you are afraid of it, they are not afraid of it and they are not afraid of it.
Of course, we, as the Holy Spirit, will not be able to do everything that is in our power,
so that you have peace and peace in your service of Jehovah.
However, it is possible that you will need to continue to worship God in such a difficult circumstances.
What do you do?
Continue to develop a strong spirit of Jehovah.
Read the Bible every day and pray for the Holy Spirit.
This will be your faith and it will help you to stand in the difficult circumstances.
While you are struggling to save your faith and your Christian family,
Jehovah will continue to support you and strengthen your own strong spirit.
You will not be able to stand in your heart in prayer.
He is always close to you.
How He saves us in Isaiah 41-10?
Don't be afraid, because I am with you.
Don't be afraid, because I am your God, because I will protect you.
I will be strong and strong in your right hand.
The Holy Spirit will support you and strengthen your faith that you will be able to do everything you want.
It may seem that nothing like this could happen in the country where you live.
However, all of us should seriously reflect on the times in which we live.
The relative stability we may currently experience could change very quickly.
While the conditions of this world rapidly deteriorate and with the great tribulations so near at hand,
we must prove ourselves ready.
Thus may all of us meditate on our timely year text at Psalm 37-3.
Trust in Jehovah and do what is good.
Brothers and sisters, we look to Jehovah with full faith and we are confident that His blessing will be with you.
We love all of you very much.
This is JW Broadcasting from the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses.